#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Butterfly
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Tristan B.
 Kildaire
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
03/05/2020
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What is butterfly?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Butterfly aims to replace the current family of protocols that are used
 to support e-mail.
 Butterfly aims to use one protocol for mail exchange and inbox management.
 Normally SMTP would be used for sending mail and IMAP or POP for receiving
 mail via an inbox system – Butterfly aims to do both of these in one protocol.
 Furthermore, the protocol will run over an existing protocol, Bester, which
 is a general federated message passing system with a pluggable infrustructure
 which will allow Butterfly to handle messages of its defined type.
 This means very little network code will need to be written or server orchestra
tion code.
 Another benefit to this is the ability, via Bester, to plug in different
 systems and chain them toghether and somehow involve Butterfly too but
 in an easier to orchestrate manner tha one would normally have with seperate
 protocols that don't have a common base for interoperability.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
